Moblle App User uploads Video and Video Metadata (location, timestamp, etc) to the Report Poster's Account.
Report Poster adds Report Description and posts the Unreviewed Bad Driver Report to a Review Queue.
Report Reviewer reviews Unreviewed Bad Driver Reports from the Review Queue.
When a Bad Driver Report is verified by at least one independent Report Reviewer, it is added to the Bad Driver Database.
It remains in the Review Queue until it has been verified by 3 independent Report Reviewers.
Report Consumer (e.g. insurance company) queries by license plate number and can see Reviewed Bad Driver Reports.
A Bad Driver Report shall be deemed rejected if it has received more than one review with a score of less than 40 percent.
As a user, I must have a unique username.
The system only accepts properly formatted password.
The system only works for resgistered user
As a user, I must have valid phone/email
As a user, I must have privileges
As a user, I must have username in the databse
As a user, I must have valid credentials to login to the system
The login information must match credentials so that a user can access the system
The user should be able to continue recording the video
The resolution should be 1080p
The video must be sufficient to recognize license plate numbers
The video should contain metadata tags
The sysem should record license Plate number in each report description
The system should have recorded video clip
The system should be able to identify license plate number
Must have unreviewed reports in the queue.
As a reviewer, I must verify license plate number
Reviewer must be logged in to the system
The system must have a voice recognition module
The mobile app have to record the video in the background while using the map app
The video should be clear enough to figure out the licence number
The system should record the metadata of video
This process should be continuous
the usernames should be consistent with the DB's information 
the username should be correct and the password should also be right at the same time
Video cannot use excessive space on phone or cloud; equivalent to a 15 sec video at 30 FPS
